=Fall 2008 Updates=

==Sunday Bible School==
 * In addition to the items you mentioned (removing notes about not meeting in July & Aug), I’ve asked the CMT to get the children’s info and I’ll pass it along when I receive it
 * Adults will have offerings of the RPC Orientation Class and Shepherding a Child’s Heart with the descriptions from the bulletin.  Could we also have a link to the Shepherding a Child’s Heart book on wtsbooks.com? 

==Small Groups==
 * In the Cluster Manual add the following after ‘Formation’ in the body. Note: Beginning September 2008, each Cluster will be self-forming, will decide its own meeting schedule, and will decide its own curriculum from offerings suggested or approved by the Session.
 * Under ‘Cluster Study’ add the text:  ‘The two suggested offerings this year are The Gospel of Mark (using the New Life study guide, http://www.newlifeglenside.com/files/wbs/Mark1-24.pdf) or the book In Christ Alone by Sinclair Ferguson (http://www.wtsbooks.com/product-exec/product_id/5457/nm/In_Christ_Alone_Reflections_on_the_Heart_of_the_Gospel_Hardcover_).  Ray, could we replace Keller’s book with this in the rotation on our home page?
 * For Cluster Groups, change Gale Cluster to Price Cluster and include Christina’s email contact..  We can add other groups as needed.
 * For Cluster Registration, let’s put the insert I made up for RPC Cluster Registration, ask people to email the info to pastor@rpcwc.org. 

==Ministries: Men==
 * The Upper Room is a weekly breakfast meeting at the West Chester Diner on Route 3, just east of Five Points Road. Based on the gathering of Jesus with His disciples in John 13–17, the Upper Room is a gathering of men to encourage one another in their walk with Christ though study, fellowship and prayer. This year the group will the Pastoral Epistles using Dr. Michael Ross’ devotional, “Men, Message & Ministry.”  All men are welcome to come at any point.  Ray, could we have a link to the pdf (http://www.pca-mna.org/documents/50DaysofPrayer2008.pdf) or include the pdf on our site?

==Right Column==
 * For bulletins, let’s post just the last 7
 * Under useful links, could we include the following under ‘Movie Reviews”
  * http://preview.gospelcom.net/index.html
  * http://www.pluggedinonline.com/ 
 * Under Bulletin Board, delete all but the top one about CCWS you just posted

Do you want to update the calendar or should I?

We’ll need to change the email links from ccil.org to rpc.org eventually.